Yixiu
My mom said grandpa was going to die if he fell under your spell
What sorcery can I do?
The poison in your grandfather must have exploded
They can't find the reason
That's why it's called Chinese magic
Then let's hurry up and ask for directions first
Then explain things clearly
Doctor doctor senior
Do you have time now?
Can you come with us?
little girl
Are you worried that supper won't cure your grandfather's illness?
No, no, hahahaha.
supper, supper
You are a failure. You are a failure.
Even your wife doesn't believe you
Hahahaha
But little girl
If supper can't cure your grandfather's illness
I can't help it either.
grandfather
You all go out
I need a quiet environment
Needle Mr. Bai
Little Leaf, don't be merciful under this cat and mouse
My dad became like this
It's your magic
I'll kill you!